xinhua news agency , beijing , february 12 china 's 14 open border cities have achieved gratifying results in economic construction in 1995 .
according to reports , the 14 cities accelerated the development and construction of urban construction and cooperation .
in addition , there are 175 projects in 5,100 enterprises , industrial production .
the gross national product of township enterprises accounting for one @-@ third of the province 's gross national product .
the province has 11 township enterprises to compete with best economic efficiency township enterprises in china .
xinhua news agency , nanjing , december 16 ( reporter zhou fang ) increasing agricultural input of foreign investment to east china 's jiangsu province .
foreign direct investment in jiangsu province reached 800 agricultural projects , totaling more than 800 million us dollars .
the actual investment amount is more than 30 % of the same period last year .
expected exports will exceed us $ 9 billion .
this year , the pudong new area of foreign trade showed a balanced proportion of imports and exports , the characteristics of the strong growth .
japan remains the biggest trade partner , the united states , 2 , three in hong kong .
nearly two years of a number of foreign investors have expressed the desire to set foot in xining enjoy .
so far , the economic and technological development zone has 99 foreign @-@ invested enterprises become bonded factories .
according to customs officials in tianjin development zone , bonded factories to lower trade costs and improve the efficiency of the trade .
after general semiconductor ( china ) ltd. become bonded factories , every day to reduce the flow of fund seizure of 500,000 us dollars .
throughout the province 's 916,000 people have enough food and clothing .
at the same time , intensified fixed asset investment grew by 21 % of total investment of 26 billion yuan .
moreover , gansu 's opening @-@ up development is in good shape .
annual export of 400 million us dollars to import 250 million us dollars .
the annual foreign capital actually utilized amounted to us $ 260 million .
hong kong 's long @-@ term prosperity and stability .
long @-@ term and stable economic growth in the mainland , hong kong 's economy will benefit from economic vitality of the mainland .
we can provide more business opportunities for hong kong .
trade and shipping center will consolidate hong kong .
further promote the development of hong kong 's financial markets .
favorable to enhance the competitiveness of hong kong products .
fujian is one of the most rapid development of china 's coastal areas of foreign trade .
exports of 30.88 billion us dollars , imports 29.18 billion us dollars .
the trade surplus of 1.7 billion us dollars .
foreign @-@ invested enterprises , trade rapid growth .
in recent years , china 's southwest region of guangxi sea chase road speed up the building .
to solve the problem of insufficient funds , opening up to the outside world , guangxi to attract foreign investment .
beihai port infrastructure construction projects , using korean government loans of 10 million us dollars .
qinzhou port infrastructure construction projects using dutch government loans of 13 million us dollars .
these projects are progressing smoothly .
foreign investment areas are rapidly to the development of new materials , high @-@ tech and deep processing of building materials .
in addition , the seminar will explore joint ventures in shanghai in the trade in some pilot .
the two @-@ day seminar , jointly organised by the wto shanghai research center and the shanghai municipal overseas service corporation .
railways are part of the national railway hub of communication upgrading works is the network construction .
this is one of china 's domestic production of program @-@ controlled switchboards won important orders .
the contract of the parties to hold the signing ceremony yesterday in beijing 's diaoyutai state guesthouse .
all the equipment will be completed in production and installation of this year .
this is the netherlands trade promotion council of the first representative office in china .
entering the 1990 s , deepening cooperation between the two sides .
dutch bank wuhan office not long ago was formally established .
hope this cooperation relations , and yield fruitful .
the capital has become the largest foreign investor in macao .
they have made important contributions to macao 's prosperity and stability .
but he condemned iraqi president saddam hussein to civilians in military installations to put them in risk .
it hit the goal is a command and control centre of the iraqi army , " he said .
french foreign minister yesterday released the statement at the french national assembly foreign affairs committee meeting .
wenzhou people are urgent action to protect their homes in flood dam .
ding hao in the children 's welfare institute , to end elementary school , then enter junior high school near the village school .
this year , he attended college entrance examination , and to pass the achievements was admitted to hangzhou university .
the success of ding hao has embodied the painstaking efforts of all social sectors .
the community will extend a helping hand to him .
but a referendum does not accept the map division would also terminate the peace plan . "
the two sides expressed satisfaction with the friendly cooperation between the two armed forces over the past 30 years .
he thanked china for the past to provide tanzania with the aid .
prior to the talks , the chair of the grand parade to welcome to chi haotian and his entourage .
because of the long @-@ term exposure to the surface , some have been broken .
judging from geological studies , they belong to the cretaceous .
product quality in china 's eiderdown industry has a steady rise .
he is confident that the increase , the two countries can become good partners .
maclaren and zou jiahua also explore the prospects of cooperation in trade , science and technology .
the two sides discussed the specific issues and reached broad consensus .
after the talks , maclaren hosted a dinner for zou jiahua and his party .
sihanouk is put forward this proposal in a statement yesterday .
according to the meeting , the two sides discussed the political , economic and security issues .
wei said he conveyed the views to the united nations secretary general .
rain @-@ shape and size of this piece very locked private mascot long life .
rain flowers rock center is a lot of very clear picture of the territory of the people 's republic of china .
two of the " island " color is entirely consistent with the mainland .
maps like the whole picture and china .
liu yuyi accordingly named the rock to the " shenzhou 5 is stone . '
the meeting will also determine the traffic is the key sub @-@ regional cooperation .
the meeting is organized by the vietnamese government and the adb .
government delegations and representatives of international organizations attended the meeting of the above @-@ mentioned six countries .
the decision to break the impasse of nearly a year of the continuity between the donors with the pna .
an award presentation ceremony held in the philippines .
we should strengthen unity and solidarity , breathing with the people of all ethnic groups truly and destiny and sentiments .
francois is in paris said the remarks to a radio .
it is sending the blue helmets of most of the western countries to the region .
premier li peng and kyrgyz president askar akayev attended the signing ceremony .
after the signing ceremony , president askar akayev and premier li peng answered reporters ' questions .
akayev spoke highly of the results of talks with premier li peng .
he said , premier li peng 's visit will promote peace , security and stability in central asia .
he expressed the hope of stability and development , the people 's living standards .
li peng expressed the hope that the kyrgyz media to convey the greetings of the chinese people of the kyrgyz people .
just as he celebrated his 20 th birthday gifts .
china 's lan wei and chen sheng both qualify for the heats .
he also said : " our athletes will not meet the competition in strong sunlight .
indoor training in their country more and more .
he said china 's entry of new players .
they also lack the experience of international competition .
10 @-@ meter diving preliminaries will be held in this afternoon .
the following is the interview reports by voa correspondent chou @-@ yu of the day at a press conference .
chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan also said at a press conference that will be able to meet with clinton is meaningful .
president clinton met me , i believe that our meeting is fruitful .
i think the impact of this issue is the issue of the united states .
i never felt the impact of the development of relations to china .
the taiwan issue is the most sensitive issue in sino @-@ us relations , and is also the most realistic .
however , the number of participating is much smaller than organizers expected the 40 million people .
lebed is expected to be the president delivered a speech to rally the masses in the siberian city of krasnoyarsk .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu appointed sharon top hardliners in the israeli government as foreign minister .
under the accord , israel to give more of the west bank land to palestinians .
sharon stood firm in the west bank settlement , and oppose compromise the withdrawal of troops .
iran has collected more than 200,000 troops currently in the afghan border .
the hearing will be two days .
representatives of global climate conference in buenos aires in the united nations to continue their work .
at the same time , the us congress is to debate whether to ratify the agreement reached by the kyoto meeting last year .
now , please listen to report details by ma kaiyue broadcasted .
this is the essential condition for the senate in the past several motion .
the question is what we can do .
fatal flaws , is trying to save it , and announced the agreement should be discussed .
he said the same determination will be a victory of the kyoto agreement .
now , now , please listen to comprehensive reports by voa correspondent fang yuan .
china 's export of missile technology has always been a frequently caused friction in sino @-@ us relations .
china has yet to respond publicly to the united states delegation officials .
the above is comprehensive reports by voa correspondent fang yuan .
experts said that el nino is turning into a new phenomenon , called la nina .
and la nina in next year will have over the astonishing performance of el nino .
now listen to the voice of america reporter li lancong chicago , the report broadcasted by qi zhifeng .
el nino and la nina is the result of significant changes in surface water temperature in tropical eastern pacific .
this year in california and southern areas of rain are attributed to el nino for love .
downs said that el nino will not produce the storm , but will provide conditions for the formation of a serious storm .
this year , the summer of the united states is always one of the hot summer .
some people linked to global warming and el nino .
musharraf believes this legend , but had not been confirmed .
chinatown since serious riots in may after riots again was the impact of violence .
please listen to another report by voa correspondent grant from jakarta .
the pillars of this group of young people in one street lights crashed into the stores .
later , soldiers were put out of starting a armed personnel of the car was seriously injured .
electrical businessmen operating in there in may after riots forced to relocate the shop .
dear listeners now to take a look at china .
listen to the chinese ministry of the voice of america reported that broadcasted by qing yue .
two people missing .
police arrested action against the gathering .
however , most cases will soon release them .
the associated press , reuters and agence france @-@ presse , reported the latest issue of human rights movement information centre .
palestinian leader yasser arafat started the first official flight took off from the gaza international airport .
gaza international airport is the appointment of the day before .
wednesday , israeli officials responsible for security affairs runway next chieftain yasser arafat 's plane took off for paris .
the airport security work by the israeli side .
clinton plans to increase 30 % of the aids research funding to the national health research institute .
he also announced the funds will provide us $ 10 million for the care of aids orphans .
now , we first see canada .
now , please listen to a report by voa correspondent uncc from toronto .
human rights and social justice should become an important content of the canadian trade policy .
thursday , canadian foreign minister said that canada expressed concern for china 's arrest of dissidents .
" we must respond to this incident , " he said .
this unusual approach of canadian prime minister actually has some change in canada 's foreign policy .
some people secretly worried that this will affect the business of canadian enterprises .
the above is the reports by voa correspondent uncc from toronto .
the two sides will hold two @-@ day talks in new york and washington to continue the talks .
last month , the two sides held similar talks in pyongyang .
the talks failed because the request .
before new talks , north korea conducted a series of attacks on the united states .
now , please listen to reports by voa correspondent ning xin .
other party and judicial departments must also take similar action from the beginning of next year .
this shows that to strengthen market competitiveness of state @-@ owned enterprises has become a top priority .
they can therefore use the power to provide tax concessions and contracts , loans to these enterprises .
small @-@ scale enterprises will be managed by local governments .
financial and investment will also carry out unified control by the ministry of finance .
the above is comprehensive reports by voa correspondent ning xin .
however that the agency may have been .
now listen to the voice of america reporter mi ke 's detailed report broadcasted by tian ye of south america .
if not the first half of the strong economy , the number of this year may be even lower .
the committee said that despite external shock , the region 's relatively good economic performance .
however , the impact of the worst have been reflected , and will continue into next year .
of the united nations economic commission , the difficult economic situation reflected in the southern cone region in some countries .
these countries are affected by the prices of major export products .
the committee said that most countries chose to raise interest rates to protect their currencies .
such measures to curb economic growth and rising unemployment .
of india news agency reported by the press trust of india , railway officials blamed the accident of bus passengers .
but before the bus across the railway , trains have arrived to lead to the collision of trains and automobiles .
the victims were bus passengers .
supervision personnel , a spokesman monday said the yugoslav province in the current situation is calm .
last week of fighting at least win 12 of the personal life .
senate majority leader trent lott said that the senate to make a fair judgment based on available evidence .
the prosecution of house republicans would subpoena lewinsky , as many as 15 individuals to testify in court .
the love of lewinsky and president clinton is the core of this scandal .
senator lott hopes that the trial began on january 11 , and concluded within two weeks .
four tourists were killed in tuesday 's shooting , 12 rescued out of the difficulties .
but some of the rescued tourists said that after yemeni troops launched the rescue , it was shot .
the provisions prohibiting people slander religious groups .
international union of independent journalists also protested the police summon held .
establishments engaged in this poll is the social sciences research centre of the university of hong kong .
hong kong 's return has 15 months , and the hong kong government has been trying to remind residents that they are chinese .
he said : " i know he faced in control .
thailand benefits is currently attending an international alumni meeting in the city of adelaide .
thai interests to attributed malaysia 's international image of damage to anwar .
therefore , youth groups urged people to resist foreign attempts to undermine national peace together .
however in any case will not let hopewell group again .
he said he hopes low interest rates and generous instalments from the scheme .
in the short term , japan will allocate 15 billion us dollars to help areas such as trade financing .
thailand is to use the money to inject more liquidity into the economy .
thailand 's economy by high borrowing costs and global emerging market turmoil .
compared with july of this year , the retail index fell 8.3 % .
if excluding auto sales , the index will decline by 3.9 % .
statistics released the figures said that almost all the retail activities in august was very quiet .
automobile sales soared by 41.4 % in july , but the august fell 19.9 % .
however , if compared with july , the catering industry index rose 1.4 % .
turnover on the increase was mainly due to fast food shops increased by 6.6 % , driven .
other stores outside the restaurant business also increased by 2.5 % .
the building was once the world 's largest retail shop , and is also the city of detroit .
at that time , several famous movie stars such as ka @-@ po and colour is patronised .
in washington , has promised to gradually reduce the indonesian armed forces stationed in east timor .
according to sources , gama will discuss with annan 's special representative mark the development .
western embassies said that estimated by the number and they are very close .
indonesia annexed east timor in 1975 on sending troops to east timor , and in two years .
however , the united nations still considers lisbon is the management of east timor .
the united nations secretary general since 1983 has started sponsoring the peace talks between portugal and indonesia .
 will meet on november 17 to discuss interest rate cuts .
general speculated that the council will again cut interest rates to maintain economic stability .
the third quarter of the united states only increased 3.3 % 5.5 % lower than the first quarter .
general forecast further slowing economic growth in the next few months .
however , she warned that the phenomenon of the credit crunch is still there .
british lin believes that the world economy has not yet completely overcome the crisis .
asia 's recovery is still in the initial stage .
human rights organizations have accused the indonesian armed forces of human rights violations in east timor .
pinochet is london , pending senate to decided whether to extradite him .
silva is portuguese right @-@ wing parties and members of the people 's party .
he said : " many asean member states hesitated not resolved .
there are many problems in cambodia 's political process .
he was obviously referring to cambodia to join asean in april 1997 .
the paper said that 20 to 30 million people will live in these areas in the next century .
the scheme can also promote new industry and employment opportunities .
china plans to invest in infrastructure and to eliminate the influence of the asian financial crisis .
china now has 1.23 billion .
more than 90 % of the population is concentrated in one @-@ third of the land .
japan finance miyazawa ( tokyo reuters ) yesterday to pressure his office .
he announced last week that he intends to resign soon .
outside rumors miyazawa resigned after miao tien , director @-@ general of the liberal party will be replaced .
miyazawa said last friday , he may resign before the end , but did not disclose the exact date .
armitage is expected to serve as finance minister until the end of the special session of congress two weeks .
the congressional session ends on december 14 .
he said : " his ability to replace him .
" this is a democratic country , " he said .
moore said : " we frankly discussed east timor and other related issues .
immigrants to the local immigration and economic interests of australia and britain urged the government to address this issue .
british accounted for 14 % of the immigrant population of australia .
almost 40 % of respondents favoring local non @-@ britons .
37 % of complaints that the british immigrants will not be treated seriously as other ethnic groups like the same .
some 35 % of respondents blamed the media is the chief culprit in causing the local people to british immigrants have prejudiced .
fragments of the woman 's near the explosion of two days before the missile landed at the site .
in the end of the west of seoul .
defense apologize before the missile launch accident .
navy officials said the flares into the water cooler after the bullet puncture the wall .
he said that over a 83 @-@ year @-@ old shock of the old woman in a nearby hospital .
incheon is 40 kilometers from the inter @-@ korean border .
however , he added that the coalition is stable and capable of carrying out economic reform .
" we do not intend to stay in any period .
 has not yet decided on when to dissolve parliament and call early elections .
in his speech , warned thailand not yet overcome the crisis .
advertising will be broadcast early next year .
dole 's advertising is the first time @-@ selling viagra through television .
pfizer is considering whether to fight any direct advertising of viagra .
10 to 20 million in the united states is not humane treatment of men , including only 10 % .
two people before fleeing to escape forced the enslavement of korean coal , the statement said .
south korea and north korea in the technology is still in the state of war .
unexpectedly , the two men was imprisoned during the parent .
the statement did not explain further .
huang sihua issued a statement the day before yesterday in an economic report and the exchange meeting with the malaysia @-@ china federation of chambers of commerce and industry .
japanese prime minister keizo obuchi expressed his support for military action , and urged baghdad to accept the un weapons inspection unconditionally .
south korea also expressed his support for the joint u.s. -@ british airstrike .
france also expressed regret for the united states and britain forced the action .
no attempt to explain the matter when they did not explain why the macedonian army did not succeed .
last week launched in yunnan park to be good sales .
before that , developers have launched 139 units in three stages .
compared with the price of stage 3 , 4 th stage of the price is cheaper by 30 % .
the development of the first two lots are expected to be completed in march 2000 .
dai yuxiang industries said that yunnan park and residential facade of the greatest characteristics is wide .
the small area of housing , may also be parked two vehicles .
valley , reiterated that thailand would not support any use of cambodia and thailand engaged in subversive neighbors .
if any foreign terrorists on thai territory , the thai side will disarm the law .
